FAQ for MacType 2012.0406.0

# Introduction #

this page will be updated along with the new version.

# FAQ #


**Q: small font looks weird**

A: MacType now apply freetype auto-hinting to fonts that are smaller than 9px when you set AntiAliasMode to 1, 4, 5. Since hinting generated by freetype auto-hinter sometime looks not so good, you may turn this function off by setting "HintSmallFont"(case insensative) to 0 under general section.


**Q: chrome 18+ can't be rendered under xp**

A: you need to turn smooth screen font option on in system property.



**Q: IE9 and firefox contents looks strange, but the frame is ok. what was that?**

A: IE9 and firefox uses DirectWrite to accelerate their performance. unfortunately, DirectWrite interference is currently not implemented. MacType currently renders directwrite by changing DirectWrite parameters which is far from real rendering. You may turn this off by setting "DirectWrite" (case insensative) to 0 under general section.



**Q: How can I translate mactype to my languages?**

A: thank you for your interesting in localizing mactype. MacType is coded with user-friendly multi-language support. all you need to do is make a copy of English.lng under languages folder and rename it to other like spanish.lng, and translate all entries of the file to target language. finally, you need to change "LanguageName" to your language name and "!LanguageID" to your language ID (refer to http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb165625(v=vs.80).aspx). if you like, you can email your localization to me, an d I'll add these files to future installer.